=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

ytnef - export files from TNEF archives

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<ytnef> [B<+->][B<afvF>] I<filename> [I<filename> [...]]

B<ytnef> B<-h>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<ytnef> program.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<ytnef> is a command line utility which allows parsing and extracting
the files contained in TNEF attachments, also known as F<winmail.dat>
attachments.

=head1 OPTIONS

Option flags are enabled when preceded by minus sign and disabled when
preceded by plus sign.

=over 8

=item B<-a>|B<+a>

Enables/disables saving of intermediate files.

=item B<-f>|B<+f>

Enables/disables saving of attachments.

=item B<-v>|B<+v>

Enables/disables verbose output. This option can be specified multiple
times to increase/decrease the verbosity level of output.

=item B<-F>|B<+F>

Enables/disables saving of the message body as RTF.

=item B<-h>

Displays a brief help message.

=back

=head1 RETURN VALUE

Returns the number of files which failed to be parsed.

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 8

=item ytnef -v winmail.dat

Parse I<winmail.dat> with verbose output, don't save files.

=item ytnef -f . winmail.dat

Parse and save all attachments in I<winmail.dat> to the current
directory.

=item ytnef -F -f . winmail.dat

Parse and save all attachments in I<winmail.dat> to the current
directory, also save the message text to a RTF file.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
